sidekiq middleware to check if job already exists before enqueuing (#1)
amagimedia/sidekiq-dup-guard: README.md

# sidekiq-dup-guard

> This gem provides additional Sidekiq middleware to prevent duplicate Sidekiq job's getting enqueued to the queue at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This gem provides a Sidekiq middleware to prevent duplicate jobs from getting enqueued.
```

> Uniqueness can be configured at Worker Level or at Function level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uniqueness can be configured at worker level or at function level.
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: remove this.

### Installation

Include the gem in your Application Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'sidekiq-dup-guard'
```
and then execute

```bash
$ bundle install
```

### Configuring at Function level

At a time there can be only one job in queue with same arguments for the method's configured in `unique_methods`.

#### Worker Example

```ruby
class FooWorker
  include Sidekiq::Workers

  # Only method1 and method3 should have unique jobs

>   sidekiq_options :queue => :foo, :unique_methods => ['method1', 'method3']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  sidekiq_options :queue => :foo, :dup_guard_methods => ['method1', 'method3']
```
